Swedish text:
SSG - SweSub Group © Incubator
www.SWESUB.nu
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
-This is a waste of time.
-No, it is not, Slyth.
Thundercats are close and the
can not say no to help.
-What 'staying Tabbut then?
"He will, do not worry.
Like any other Tabbuts,
so does he care only about money ...
... and this is the day he collects
In the interest of Wollo and Bolkinerna.
"He always takes this path.
-He will.
I have his stock.
Take the saddle bags!
It is heavy.
The collection went well today?
Thieves! Robbers!
Help!
-Higher!
-Help!
Somebody, help!
-Do you hear that, Cheetara?
-Heard? I'm halfway there.
Thundercats. One of them anyway.
The woman, Cheetara.
-Embark, Tabbut.
-No! My money!
You still have your head.
Be grateful, fool.
Go away!
"She is almost here.
-Fast, Slyth, hide!
A Thundercat to come. Tygr.
Wait, Monkian.
We do both, yes ...?
It came from here, I'm sure.
-Did you see anything, Cheetara?
-Not anything, tygr. Weird.
-Watch. Signs of a fight.
-Now, Monkian.
-What is ...?
-A trap.
Network's edge, tygr.
Lift, so we crept out.
I can not.
The threads are sticky.
Yes, the Thundercats. You are equally
helpless as insects in a network.
You will not le -
-when the other Thundercats
come here, Slyth.
"We want them to come here.
-You may well call for them?
-Come on, open your mouth. Shout.
"They do not scream.
Thundercats know
when someone else is in danger.
I have a weird feeling
that something is wrong out there ...
... but I can not see
past where the thick trees.
-O-Lion. Thundercats is in danger.
"I heard it, Panthro.
Omens sword
give me sight beyond sight.
It is tygr and Cheetara.
Mutants have caught them in a network.
They seem to be in. ..
Yes! They are in the jungle.
And I know exactly where somewhere.
Damn mutants!
"I knew there was something fishy.
-Take us there quickly, Panthro.
It is their Thunder Tank.
Quickly. Take your positions.
It's Thunderbird idea, tygr.
The engine is known ever again.
And it is heading for the mutant
trap because of us.
-There 's them.
"There's something strange about the network.
Cheetara and tygr should
easily have come off.
"They seem to be glued.
"I cut them loose.
Mutants is more than you.
Thunder tank can handle it.
No, Panthro. It is too big.
-Then you will harm them.
-Yes, check.
Backa, Cheetara.
"They are free.
-Not yet. Attack!
Cheetara. -Tygr.
Move on you.
-Fall back!
-Run for cover!
-Why do they not?
"They are trying in all cases.
It's degrading.
We might as well fight
with lertårtor against them.
Our technology is equally
advanced as Thundercats.
No, it is more advanced ...
... but they managed to save the
mostly when the spaceship crashed.
Yes. While our ship is
buried in the desert.
It may Mumm-Ra fixation.
He must go there again.
We must get our
super weapons again. I promise.
Give it to me, yes?
You mighty, hear us.
We ask that you listen to us.
Mumm-Ra ... The immortal ...
What are you doing here?
I have not asked you to come here.
We will, for your ways, sir ...
It's just Thundercats
which stands between the Mumm-Ra ...
... and his dominion
of the third world.
And it was your mission to
destroy the Thundercats.
A mission that you have
failed so many times.
Forgive me, you big ...
It's your fault ...
When you cut our spaceship
deprived us of our weapons
-which could relieve third grounding
from Thundercats forever.
You want it back where the super -
weapons for your own gain.
But our, your, you are mighty.
When we are equal
Thundercats you do not need -
-make your grave as often.
It's only me to worry
me when I leave it or not.
Of course, you are mighty. I just ...
Never mind.
You have a point.
I will be traveling your ship
But be careful, mutants ...
Remember, Mumm-Ra ...
Are you a master.
It is we, Mumm-Ra.
Go to the sunken space ship then.
Evil spirits ...
... transform this
body of Mumm-Ra ...
... the immortal!
Do you really think Mumm-Ra
will do it, Slyth?
Yes. As I said, he needs us.
How can you be so sure, Slyth?
His powers are limitless.
Really? Why must he
always return to his grave -
-if he does not fill in their power?
Nothing. The ship has no power.
SkyCutters is battle ready.
NoseDiver also.
And most of our equipment
could be moved to Plun-Darr intact.
At last, we learn mutants
Thundercats what respect is.
I'm sorry, tygr. Things
from the network takes forever to remove.
If MESS is the only thing they can
throw at us so we'll survive.
What was that?
-Skycraft. We are attacked.
-Skycraft? Whose?
-Do you recognize them?
"I can not see so well.
It is SkyCutters. The mutant shipping.
I thought that the equipment was destroyed.
Not entirely, it seems.
But I will get down, now!
-You approach, Panthro.
-Not enough.
SkyCutters is too easy to steer.
We are attacked on the ground also.
A land vehicle.
Take over here, tygr.
"He tries to hide among the trees.
"It is not enough.
He is fast. That much I can say.
-There he is, Panthro. Over the hill.
And here we go.
The thing is amphibious, Panthro.
"He cheated us of the cliff.
"We also have an ace in the sleeve.
Thunderbird idea can equally
happy to go on the seabed.
But not on the roof.
There is diving under the seat.
I activate the airlock.
It does not help.
We may collect the other Thundercats.
Panthro. Reef.
A cave.
When the monster attacked the next time,
we swim together out -
-attract the mutant
ship ... and part of us.
Now!
Power module does not work.
He is detained.
Swim to the surface.
"We have to get back and retrieve the equipment.
-SkyCutters!
We must see what we can do with
Thunderbird idea itself, Panthro.
The others from Thundercats
must take care of SkyCutters.
Thunder, thunder, thunder,
Thundercats, ho!
Monkian, the signal source
on the other from the Thundercats.
And? They are easy to fix
with our SkyCutters.
Where is it?
We can not see them in the jungle ...
but they are down there, guaranteed.
Converts to another attack.
-Do you see something, Jack Electric?
-No, not yet.
Yes. There is one.
Where did he go?
Are you looking for me, mutant?
I can not see.
-Sea-quin.
"They are usually supposed to be nice.
Maybe. But we have
annoyed them more than anything.
Panthro. A little Sea-Quine.
It's stuck in Thunderbird idea.
Help me pressing, Lion-O.
Now we have to really move on this.
Sea-Quine sees that we are trying
help. The press also.
But it does not help much.
We upset the barely.
Wait a minute.
Do you think you can pull away
Thunderbird idea of your children?
It moved. But the idea falls Thunder
over the edge, we may lose it forever.
We can always replace it.
But we can never replace a life.
Pull!
Mutant.
And he has been running his ship again.
It was perhaps lucky there.
It damaged my NoseDiver.
If only I could get to the beach.
"He will survive.
-Here are your children.
That was all right again.
Where is it?
Thundercatsignalen was here.
Why worry?
We took good care of the mutants?
We have not seen Slyth.
And he is the worst.
Look!
Have you tested the idea in Thunderbird
water, and called us here for that?
If it was a test, we passed.
Now that the mutants have been returned
their weapons, it is a totally new thing.
They must have got up their spaceship.
They could not have done it themselves.
There is something else behind.
Mumm-Ra.
"We must be very careful.
-Yes. Evil never rests.
Or worse,
it will not let anyone else sleep either.
It seemed like you did
s better to Thundercats than before.
We had bad luck, Mumm-Ra.
Our ships can be repaired.
And now we can build more powerful weapons.
"It's not what I want!
The equipment you mentioned
to the castle Plun-Darr ...
... you should leave
back to the spaceship.
No, Mumm-Ra.
That we will not do.
Are you challenging me, reptile?
Never, you are mighty.
We just want to be more
useful for you, Mumm-Ra.
Do you? In this case ...
... Let's see ...
Swedish text:
SSG - SweSub Group © Incubator
www.SWESUB.nu
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org